No once you have completed a usability test with your users you are going to get their emotional feeling
about your product.
You are going to get what actually they had overall pass after using their product.
So we are going to use user surveys and we are going to give them to our users after they have completed
usability test and it will have like two to five questions on maybe six or seven no more than 10.
I suggest that it will be easier for the users to give feedback on after using your website or your
app.
Now there are many online tools you can use like Survey Monkey or die form to create these surveys.
All you can give them a printout in their hands and take on that.
So if you are using some online tools you can give them some incentive like we are going to give you
50 percent discount to 10 percent discount on your next book shares or things like that just a little
incentive or incentive or reward for filling out that survey form.
Now you might have filled a lot of different surveys.
I'm going to give you a few surveys that are related to usability test on digital products.
One of them is use questionnaire.
Now this use questionnaire it is going to test for different things useful less ease of use ease of
lending and overall satisfaction if you use it.
So I am also going to show you one example where you can go ahead and see what are the questions you
can add from that section to your app.
According to your needs.
How much easier for your user to learned how much easier for the user to use it how useful it is whether
it meets the need of your users or not.
How much satisfied was your user.
Maybe from one to 10 maybe he was or she was satisfied 50 percent or things like that.
Here is a used questionnaire from Gary.
Gary Pearlman dot com and you can see over here.
Here we have different questions that are related to usefulness.
It helps me to be more effective.
It helps to me to be more productive a productive.
It is useful.
It gives me more control over the activities in my life.
These questions will be different based on a little bit different based on your product so you can see
we have strongly disagree strongly agree on no answer then we have ease of use.
It is easy to use.
It is simple to use.
You can pick bean.
Pick one of them for example I would say it is user friendly.
So maybe it is simple to use this.
This makes more sense to me.
So my users might say like four or things like that.
Then we have ease of learning.
I learned to use it quickly.
It is easy to learn to use it.
I quickly become skillful with their things like that satisfaction.
It is fun to use.
I am satisfied with it and things like that so you can see this is actually a questioning and I am going
to give you the link you can use that and you can have a few more things like net negative aspects of
positive aspects of whatever you have your users have found in your app.
So that is all about a User Questionnaire.
I hope you will use it in your usability test after that.
So let's see what we have more now.
Let's talk about another kind of question here that is going to test the emotional impact of your product
on the on your user.
So it might have questions like whether the product was delightful or not was the product unique or
ordinary.
Was it interesting or boring was it visually attractive.
Was the product clear or confusing.
Was it trustworthy or shady.
Was it simple or complex.
So these are different questions we are going to ask in our attractive questionnaire or survey you might
have seen it in a lot of areas where whenever you talk to any customer satisfaction or sorry customer
support a guy after completing your customer support call you have a surveyor to fill and that is mostly
about the emotional impact that was you.
Are you satisfied with the user or whether you were happy about your interaction with him.
Things like that.
Was your problem solved or not.
So that is basically the overall satisfaction or you see what you use frustrated or not.
Anything you want to say about it now you can see on the right.
We have form from customer thermometer and you can see you here we have one star smiley face frowny
face and a sad face a serious face and a sad sad face.
So this is actually checking the emotional impact from customer support or things like that.
That user actually liked it.
He was happy he was frustrated.
So this is actually you can see emotional testing of your user.
One more thing is whatever questionnaire or surveys you use always gives you is user a space to write
freely.
You can also give them skills like 1 to 10 rating or things like that you are also going to give them
a text area where they can use that and write freely or there.
This will help you if they have something or some suggestion in their mind they might write it over
there.
So I am going to show you a few of the forms or surveys I actually use to improve my courses.
Let me show you which tool I use and how I do it.
Here you can see this is type form and I have one two three four five six seven eight different surveys
and these are ninety five responses for this one so let's open this one and I'm going to show you how
you can make one for free and post it to your users so you can see we're here.
Here is my data limit.
What do you want to next two minute quiz.
I always mention how much long it is because users are going to get boring or maybe they leave it and
then this is the next question.
Type your answer ahead.
Then I have some things to select from here.
Then I have another question.
Then I have the last one which is what are your comments or ideas.
So this is the text field I'm talking about.
So once they have completed it you will get some results over here.
Let me show you now you can see here.
I had all the reserves.
And here we have this question which golf courses you want me to teach you next.
And here are different responses.
And this is how actually makes twenty point nine percent.
And you can use this kind of thing to get this.
Create a questionnaire and get the satisfaction or results from your product or whatever you have.
So this.
These are different commands.
You can see you here.
So this is a great tool type form.
You can also use Survey Monkey and you can also use horchata if you have a current website.
I have used this Hart Hart jar and it is going to give a pop up over here.
It does a lot of things but it actually give feedback out here like you can see over here happy and
things like that.
So this is actually it is going to test the emotional impact and also give the user our tax feel to
fill.
OK.
So this is a great tool if you want to use it properly.
And I would always go for type form I haven't used this survey monkey which is another popular tool.
I know and I have seen a lot of companies that use it so these are different tools to create surveys
and get some feedback from your users.
I hope you have enjoyed this lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.